Kafka connects plug-in architecture has led to
the development of a strong catalog of open-source connectors.
In this section, we will review some of the most useful connectors
available in the community and gain some experience in applying them to a data source.
There are many types of Kafka connect plug-ins available today.
Most existing connector plug-ins are focused on data bases and data sources.
Let's review some of the most common categories.
First, connectors plug-ins for local file source and local files sink.
These plug-ins are popular for moving logs into an out of Kafka.
Cloud key value stores such as AWS, S3,
or Google Cloud Storage are another key popular source or sync.
Traditional SQL data bases such as MySQL or Postgres are also common and useful plug-ins.
There are even plug-ins for working with HDFS data sources and rest APIs.
Kafka maintains a website with a list of all available connectors.
Check the course notes for a link where you can explore more.